---
title: Bio
author: Riemer Palstra
type: page
date: 2008-05-09T22:38:42+00:00
---

![It is me.](../images/Riemer_Crop.jpg#bio-image)

Riemer. 44. Born in Hoorn and currently living in Rotterdam, The Netherlands.

When a teacher brought a Commodore 64 computer into the classroom I was
immediately hooked. Not only because you could play a Donald Duck game on it
(that absolutely helped), but also because it showed me the power of
programming and handling information digitally.

Years later, while still in High School I started building websites with a
friend, and later started focusing on the hosting and other technical aspects.
When the website building company failed, I stayed in the IT industry and
started working at Internet Service Providers.

Having achieved goal one (working at Demon Internet) I set out to achieve goal
two: working for the Internet Department of Dutch Public Broadcasting. After a
few years of overhauling their Metadata and On Demand Video systems, rebranding
and launching a new central website and portal, it was time to move on.

My consultancy and certification journey started at CRI Service in Houten,
starting out as an all-round Linux Engineer, slowly changing focus to
Automation Tooling like Puppet, Ansible and Satellite, Observability like
ElasticSearch, Sensu, Grafana, and becoming Red Hat Certified Architect.

When CRI Service stopped existing, I jumped ship with a lot of colleagues to
one of the fastest growing Red Hat partners of The Netherlands, HCS company,
and refocusing on Red Hat OpenShift. It gave me the chance to become a Red Hat
Certified OpenShift Architect, and architect, consult, implement and debug
OpenShift Container Platforms at all kinds of customers in Government, Banking,
Insurance, Telecom and other interesting sectors, from plain infrastructure up
to Application Migration, Deployment and CI/CD Automation.

I don't only work though. In my spare time I try to play guitar (on my Music
Man, Sterling by Music Man or OLP Luke guitars), listen to music (such as Toto,
Tonic, Vertical Horizon, Green Day, Linkin Park, Foo Fighters, etc.), travel,
go out for dinner and drinks, visit a concert, or just stay at home watching a
Streaming Service. 
