---
title: Bio
author: Riemer Palstra
type: page
date: 2008-05-09T22:38:42+00:00
---

![It is me.](../images/Riemer_Crop.jpg#bio-image)

Riemer. 44. Father of Ryan, boyfriend of a Senior Marketing Manager, and
trainee stepfather. Born in Hoorn and currently living in Rotterdam, The
Netherlands.

When a teacher brought a Commodore 64 computer into the classroom I was
immediately hooked. Not only because you could play a Donald Duck game on it
(that absolutely helped), but also because it showed me the power of
programming and handling information digitally.

Years later, while still in High School I started building websites with a
friend, and later started focusing on the hosting and other technical aspects.
When the website building company failed, I stayed in the IT industry and
started working at Internet Service Providers, such as Genuity and Demon
Internet. Then, I spent 8 years working on Uitzending Gemist, NPO Player and
NPO.nl at Dutch Public Broadcasting.

Currently, I work as a Senior OpenShift Architect for HCS company, an Amsterdam
based IT consultancy and services provider focusing on Open Source Solutions
including those created by Red Hat. I help our customers install, configure,
implement, automate and integrate all aspects of the OpenShift Container
Platform.

I don't only work though. In my spare time I try to play guitar (on my Music
Man, Sterling by Music Man or OLP Luke guitars), listen to music (such as Toto,
Tonic, Vertical Horizon, Green Day, Linkin Park, Foo Fighters, etc.), travel,
go out for dinner and drinks, visit a concert, or just stay at home watching a
Streaming Service. And since August 13th, 2025, my attention is also required
by a miniature version of myself called Ryan.
